hello
today I have some bad news
the hard drive inside my computer
failed
and I lost a lot of data
including my Minecraft world
fish land
I spent hours and hours trying to fix it
but I couldn't
so in this video we're going to say
goodbye to my old Minecraft world
fishland and I will talk about what I'm
going to do with this Minecraft series
in the future
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up
this is the cord
that killed my Minecraft world
I've been having a lot of computer
problems lately
my computer is really struggling hey you
can do it buddy I've also been having
many internet problems
and as you can imagine it's very
frustrating to be having computer and
internet problems when you're trying to
create YouTube videos so this has been a
very frustrating time
but thankfully I think that I finally
fixed all of the different problems that
I was having with my computer and
internet
but as for my Minecraft world
fish lens
well it's gone
I searched and searched but it couldn't
be recovered
so I'm sad to say that episode 10
will be the final video in this series
to take place in fishland I made 10
videos inside of fishland and we had
many good times together in this world
so right now I want to look back on some
of the best moments that we had in
fishland
I am going to name the world fish land
fish land so first of all I chopped down
all these trees all these trees
I felt a little bit like Jero balcinaro
chopping down this entire Forest but I
did replant the saplings
hopefully there are no skeletons here
okay it looks like we're safe
it looks like we're safe there's water
wow hey it's redstone
and this is
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no
oh
salmon
a water bottle okay oh
a bull nice
oh god oh oh okay
two hearts
we're okay we're okay
oh no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no
no no
[Music]
I'm just going to steal your carrots Mr
villager
maybe I'll go up there
and continue searching
going up
I'm going to give him some seeds
some seeds
here you go
and now he loves me
we're buddies e g b e r t there you go
Egbert now this chicken is officially
named Eggbert
aha
diamonds
two sticks
and one two three diamonds makes
a diamond pickaxe
and there we go
my first Diamond Tool
torch
oh whoa look at this
Bridge
I finished building the bridge
in the boat
actually
[Music]
oh
all right
oh let's go
I'm dragging the cow behind me
don't do this in real life because this
is animal cruelty
um
so
[Music]
what now
what is going to happen to this
Minecraft series
well recently I've been watching this
guy named cam from the YouTube channel
struthless and he likes to ask the
question how is this the best thing that
has ever happened to me how is the worst
thing that's ever happened to me
actually the best thing that's ever
happened to me
this question got me thinking
how could me losing my Minecraft world
be the best thing that's ever happened
to me
well it would be the best thing that's
ever happened to me
if it gave me the opportunity to look
back on the series and improve my videos
taking the series to the next level
we've come a long way since the
beginning of this series hello and
welcome to the first episode of learning
English with Minecraft I've improved my
videos a lot since the first episode
but there are still a lot of things that
I could do to improve
so I'm going to use this as an
opportunity to improve my videos and
rebuild the world from the ground up
so what's going to happen to this
Minecraft series
well it's going to continue
and I've actually already started a new
world
and
it's going to be better than ever
so if you liked this video like And
subscribe and in the next video I'll
show you
what I've been working on
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in the next video
see ya
[Music]